{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2634
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red189\green198\blue208;\red12\green14\blue18;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c78824\c81961\c85098;\cssrgb\c5098\c6667\c9020;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This is an OOP based Cricket game, with the following entities.\cb1 \
\cb3 The flow of application:\cb1 \
\cb3 Main: It is the class from where the program execution starts. It calls the MatchController from where the game starts.\cb1 \
\cb3 MatchController: MatchController takes necessary input from user like numOfOvers, playerName, playerType, etc MatchController will create a new Match instance with constructor with these read args\cb1 \
\cb3 Match: Match is having fields like team1, team2, winner, totalAvailableBalls when MatchController calls startMatch(), game will be started and startInning() will be called and target will be taken into consideration for the chaser team Innings will have total overs given during construction. method' call returns back when 1. Either all over completes 2. 10 Wickets are fallen 3. Target is reached. The strike will be changed on odd runs or over completion and winner will be declared based on the score of both teams\cb1 \
\cb3 Team: Match constructor calls Team constructor to construct both the team one by one Team will maintain numberOfWickets, totalNumberOfBallPlayed, currentWickets, list of players, etc appropriate team will be called to update its run/wicket and balls will be incremented by one each updation method will also call the method of current Strike player to update his score and balls\cb1 \
\cb3 Player: Player will be batsman or bowler or wicketkeeper along with his name, personalscore, personalBalls, etc. The methods of this class are mainly called from the Teams class's object because every Player in this game belongs to a Team. The information of the player gets updated when the team's updation takes place.\cb1 \
\cb3 CountryName: CountryName is an enum that contains the names of the country.It also contains a random method that randommly allocates two teams for the match to take place.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 UtilClass: UtilClass contains method for validation.}